AIMS V1.0 is an artificial intelligence assisted diagnosis modeling software platform. It is jointly developed by the Medical Image Processing Group in the Suzhou Institute of Biomedical Engineering and Technology and Suzhou Guoke Kangcheng Medical Technology Co., Ltd.. The main advantages of AIMS V1.0 are as follows: (I) it provides standardized machine learning-based modeling workflows for computer-assisted diagnosis based on medical images.; (II) the standardized workflows and modular design allow users to rapidly configure/build, evaluate, and compare different models for specific applications; (III) the user-friendly graphical user interface enables users to efficiently analyze large numbers of medical images without programming or editing scripts; and (IV) it provides an image-processing toolkit (such as segmentation and morphological operations) for convenience of lesion-labeling tasks.

Download link：https://www.remotehealth.cn/AIMS/#/opensource

Recommended system requirements：
CPU: Intel Core i5-10400F 2.9 GHz 6-Core Processor and higher
Memory: ≥32 GB
Storage: ≥100 GB
Operating system: Windows 10 and higher

Note that AIMS V1.0 is for academic research use only and it is not approved for clinical, diagnostic or treatment purposes. The application form should be completed and submitted via email to access AIMS V1.0. All information collected will be stored securely and will never be used for commercial purposes.

The End User shall not use AIMS V1.0 for commercial purposes. Requests for the use of AIMS for commercial purposes, please contact:
Suzhou Institute of Biomedical Engineering and Technology
No.88, Keling Road, Suzhou New District, Jiangsu Province
215163, China
daiyk@sibet.ac.cn

Terms of Use
1. Terms
1)	By accessing this site, you agree to AIMS Terms and Conditions of Use, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with them or any applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you must not access this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright law.
2)	You need to submit your application via email to access AIMS V1.0. All information collected will be stored securely and will never be used for commercial purposes.
2. Use License
1)	You agree to use the software only for purposes that are permitted by these Terms and any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions.
2)	In order to access AIMS V1.0, you may be required to provide information about yourself as part of the registration process. You agree that any registration information you give will be accurate, correct and up to date.
3)	You agree that you will not attempt to decompile or reverse engineer AIMS V1.0.
4)	You agree that you will not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts AIMS V1.0 services.
5)	You may not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade or resell AIMS V1.0 for any purpose.
6)	You undertake to use AIMS V1.0 on your own and entire liability.
7)	You expressly agree that in no case shall the AIMS V1.0 owners be declared liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or special damages suffered by you as a result of the use of AIMS V1.0, as well as for any difficulty experienced during its use or for it being impossible to use.
8)	You are responsible for ensuring that the technical characteristics and functions of AIMS V1.0 fulfill to your needs.
9)	You are completely responsible for the results that you may obtain while using the AIMS V1.0.
10)	You agree that the name of your organization appears on the user list of the AIMS V1.0.
11)	You agree that any publication based on the results generated by AIMS V1.0 should cite the following papers: 
Zhou Z, Qian X, Hu J, Chen G, Zhang C, Zhu J, Dai Y. An artificial intelligence-assisted diagnosis modeling software (AIMS) platform based on medical images and machine learning: a development and validation study. Quantitative Imaging in Medicine and Surgery, 2023, 13(11): 7504.

3. Provision of Service
1)	You acknowledge that AIMS V1.0 may change from time to time without prior notice.
2)	You acknowledge that AIMS V1.0 may stop permanently or temporarily providing the services or any features within without prior notice.
3)	You acknowledge that AIMS V1.0 is a research prototype, and may therefore contain possible imperfections or errors for which the AIMS V1.0 owners disclaim any liability.
4)	You are advised to safeguard important data, to use caution and not to rely in any way on the correct functioning or performance of AIMS V1.0 services.
5)	You will make your best efforts to notify AIMS V1.0 owners of any error or any other defect of the AIMS V1.0 software which comes to its notice during the use. In that case, you will make your best efforts to notify to the AIMS V1.0 contacts of the error and of the relevant correction.

4. Disclaimer
1)	In no event shall AIMS V1.0 or its representatives be liable for any damages resulting from the use or inability to use AIMS V1.0 services. We make no warranty of the accuracy, reliability or fitness of the results for a particular purpose.
2)	We do not offer any guarantee nor maintenance services to ensure that AIMS V1.0 operates in good working order.
3)	We are under no obligation: i) to provide assurance that any specific errors or discrepancies in the AIMS V1.0 software will be corrected, ii) to provide you any technical support.

5. Terms of Use Modifications
These Terms of Use may be revised and changed at any time without notice. By using AIMS you agree to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use at that moment.



